{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14100\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf3 \cb4 Sleep Study: Updated instructions - Last week of the experiment 
\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb4 Hello!\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Good afternoon\cf2 \cb4 .\cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb4 Thanks for continuing to use the app. This will be our last week of the experiment.\
\
Please email your sleep data so far. \
- iPhone users: Sleep cycle app -> Settings -> Advanced -> Database \'a0-> Export Database\'a0to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:w241sleepstudy@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \ul \ulc5 w241sleepstudy@gmail.com}}. This will send the \'91sleepdata.csv\'92 as an attachment using the mail client configured on your phone. \
- Android users: Please provide the \'93Date\'94,\'94Sleep quality number\'94,\'94Total time in bed\'94 in a spreadsheet and mail it to us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:w241sleepstudy@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \ul \ulc5 w241sleepstudy@gmail.com}}.\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \'a0For this upcoming week -
\i\b \cf2 \cb4 \ul \ulc2 Mar 30 to Apr 5 (till next Friday), 
\i0\b0 \cf2 \cb4 \ulnone we would like you to continue using the app as usual (by setting the alarm and dismissing it in the morning) every single night to track the sleep quality.\'a0 You can go to bed and wake-up as per your normal routine. 
\i\b \ul The only caveat is that we would like you to refrain from using any devices with backlit screens 30 minutes prior to sleep.
\i0\b0 \cb1 \ulnone \
\
\cb4 \'a0For some of you, we know this could be very difficult, but please try your best to comply with these instructions.\'a0 We understand that we are all human beings and impulse control is tough at times.\'a0 If you do end up using any electronic devices (however long they were) within 30 minutes of going to bed, please make a note of the date and let us know.\'a0 \
\
We really appreciate your time and effort!\cb1 \
\
\cb4 The sleep study team}