{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14820\viewh9400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf3 \cb4 Sleep Study: Updated instructions - Last week of the experiment \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb4 Hello!\cb1 \
\
\cb4 Good afternoon.\cb1 \
\
\cb4 Thanks for continuing to use the app. This will be our last week of the experiment.\
\
Please email your sleep data so far. \
- iPhone users: Sleep cycle app -> Settings -> Advanced -> Database \'a0-> Export Database\'a0to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:w241sleepstudy@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \ul \ulc5 w241sleepstudy@gmail.com}}. This will send the \'91sleepdata.csv\'92 as an attachment using the mail client configured on your phone. \
- Android users: Please provide the \'93Date\'94,\'94Sleep quality number\'94,\'94Total time in bed\'94 in a spreadsheet and mail it to us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:w241sleepstudy@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \cb4 \ul \ulc5 w241sleepstudy@gmail.com}}\cf2 \cb4 .\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\cb4 For this upcoming week - 
\i\b \ul Mar 30 to Apr 5 (till next Friday)
\i0\b0 \ulnone , we would like you to continue using the app\'a0as usual (by setting the alarm and dismissing it in the morning)\'a0every single night to track the sleep quality.\'a0 You can go to bed and wake-up as per your normal routine. 
\i\b \ul The only caveat is that we would like you to use some electronic device for 30 minutes before going to bed.
\i0\b0 \ulnone  This could include anything from watching shows on your laptop/TV/tablet device, checking social media on your phone, playing video games etc. Really anything with a backlit screen ON.\cb1 \
\
\cb4 For some of you with good sleeping habits, this would be a departure from your normal ritual and we apologize for the deviation. We know this could be very difficult, but please try your best to comply with these instructions. If you don\'92t end up using any electronics device 30 minutes before going to bed, we would like you to make a note of the date and let us know.\'a0 \
\
We really appreciate your time and effort!\cb1 \
\
\cb4 The sleep study team}